"Oh, war room.
The one place I did not want to ever be in,
especially this early in my career."
Bob thought.
He felt as if he was on trial.
The next few moments going to decide his fate.
He takes a quick look at Andrew,
who is pacing around nervously.
"Not looking good.
I have to fix this ASAP, or I might get fired.
Thanks, Bob."
The client demonstration was at 10:00 AM.
Bob glances at his watch.
It was 8:50 AM.
A little more than an hour
until the client demonstration.
Bob shuttered at the thought
of having nothing to show during the call.
"I can not let my team down. What am I missing?
I am sure the code is correct.
Why isn't this darn thing working anymore?"
Bob says, trying to open his web application.
Is it the network? Is it some permission issue
or was it something else entirely?
He had no clue. He was panicking now.